README.md, before:

# TES3MP Scripts

A collection of free/libre open source TES3MP scripts.

If you are interested in becoming an collaborator to this project, feel
free to join us on our official [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/uFCN6GP).

## Note

These scripts are intended to use with version `0.7.0-alpha` (not "prerelease") and are
therefore for testing purposes only. All scripts for version `0.6.1` can
be found in the `0.6.1` subdirectory.

There are no scripts for the current release `0.7.0-prelease` in this repository.
You find a basic Guide on how to port scripts [with this link](https://github.com/Atkana/tes3mp-scripts/blob/master/Porting%20Scripts%20to%200.7%20alpha%20and%20How%20Does.md).

## Installation instructions

1. Copy the contents of `lib` into your `CoreScripts/lib` directory.
2. Place your favoured modules in `CoreScripts/modules`.
3. Some modules require additional data files. Copy these files into `CoreScripts/data`.
4. Follow additional install instructions inside the files.
5. Enjoy!

## Module overview

| Name              | Description                                                                                                     |
| :---------------- | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| BabelFish         | An experimental translation module to send and receive messages in a preferred language using Google Translate. |
| DynamicDifficulty | A module that increases the difficulty linearly based on player level.                                          |
| HardcoreMode      | A mode that makes the death of players semi-permanent by putting them in a seperate afterlife area.             |
| [IrcBridge](IrcBridge/README.md)         | A module to bridge IRC (Internet Relay Chat) and the in-game chat.                                              |
| Localisation      | A localisation modules to add localisation-support to TES3MP-modules.                                           |
| Mailbox           | A basic Mailbox system.                                                                                         |
| MaintenanceMode   | A maintenance mode that prevents normal players from joining.                                                   |
| MotD              | A basic message of the day module.                                                                              |
| RealEstate        | A module to provide houses buyable by players.                                                                  |
| UserConig         | OBSOLETE. It might be used as scripting reference.                                                              |
| VirtualDrakes     | An alternate currency generated by active play time.                                                            |

## Other open source TES3MP repositories

| Name                                                                                          | Type                   | Author                                                |
| :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :--------------------- | :---------------------------------------------------- |
| [Atkana/tes3mp-scripts](https://github.com/Atkana/tes3mp-scripts/)                            | Lua (0.6.2)            | [Atkana](https://github.com/Atkana)                   |
| [Boyos999/tes3mpScripts](https://github.com/Boyos999/tes3mpScripts)         | Python                 | [Boyos](https://github.com/Boyos999)         |
| [David-AW/Repos](https://github.com/David-AW?tab=repositories)		  				        | Lua (0.6.2)            | [David-AW](https://github.com/David-AW)         		 |
| [Jerthebear/TES3MP-Scripts](https://github.com/Jerthebear/Tes3mp-Scripts)         | Lua (0.7.0)                 | [JerTheBear](https://github.com/Jerthebear)         |
| [Nater/Repos](https://github.com/rnate)         | Python                 | [Nater](https://github.com/rnate)         |
| [NicholasAH/Repos](https://github.com/NicholasAH?tab=repositories)		     			    | Lua (0.6.2)            | [NicholasAH](https://github.com/NicholasAH)      		 |
| [Uramer/TES3MP-Scripts](https://github.com/uramer/Tes3MP-Scripts)         | Lua (0.7.0)                 | [Urm](https://github.com/uramer)         |
| [RickOff/Ecarlate](https://github.com/rickoff/Tes3mp-Ecarlate-Script)       				    | Lua (0.6.2)            | [RickOff](https://morrowindserveurfr.wixsite.com/ecarlates) |
| [SaintWish/ScriptLoader](https://github.com/SaintWish/tes3mp_scriptloader)         | Lua (0.7.0)                | [Wishbone](https://github.com/SaintWish/)         |
| [Schnibbsel/TES3MP-Pants](https://github.com/Schnibbsel/TES3MP-Pants)                         | Lua (0.7.0)            | [Schnibbsel](https://github.com/Schnibbsel)           |
| [Skvysh/TES3MP-Stuffs](https://github.com/Skvysh/TES3MP-Scripts/)                             | Lua (0.7.0)            | [Skvysh](https://github.com/Skvysh)          		 |
| [TES3MP-TeamFOSS/LiveMap](https://github.com/TES3MP-TeamFOSS/LiveMap)                         | Lua / JavaScript / PHP | [TES3MP-TeamFOSS](https://github.com/TES3MP-TeamFOSS) |
| [Texafornian/ccSuite](https://github.com/Texafornian/TCC-0.6.1)                               | Lua (0.7.0)            | [Texafornian](https://github.com/Texafornian)         |
| [Texafornian/mwTDM-0.6.1](https://github.com/Texafornian/mwTDM-0.6.1)                         | Lua (0.6.1)            | [Texafornian](https://github.com/Texafornian)         |
| [Texafornian/Plugins-0.6.1](https://github.com/Texafornian/Plugins-0.6.1)                     | Lua (0.6.1)            | [Texafornian](https://github.com/Texafornian)         |
| [Texafornian/TES3MP-Server-Stats](https://github.com/Texafornian/TES3MP-Server-Stats)         | Python                 | [Texafornian](https://github.com/Texafornian)         |

## Development

Using [Luacheck](https://github.com/mpeterv/luacheck/blob/master/README.md#installation) with the included [`luacheckrc`](luacheckrc) file is recommended when developing scripts in this repository (it should also be useful for any other TES3MP repository.)

## Credits

### Localisation

| Language   | Author                                                |
| :--------- | :---------------------------------------------------- |
| Danish     | Emil                                                  |
| Dutch      | [Max van der Sluis](https://github.com/1338)          |
| German     | [Michael Fitzmayer](https://github.com/mupfelofen-de) |
| English    | [Michael Fitzmayer](https://github.com/mupfelofen-de) |
| French     | Nwah                                                  |
| Portuguese | [Grim Kriegor](https://github.com/GrimKriegor)        |
| Russian    | urm                                                   |

Commit message:

Remove old note and update install instructions
A note about compatibility is no longer neccesary, and installation
is/will be handled by a README in each script's sub-folder.

README.md, after:

# TES3MP Scripts

A collection of free/libre open source TES3MP scripts.

If you are interested in becoming an collaborator to this project, feel
free to join us on our official [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/uFCN6GP).

## Module overview

Click the name of the module below to see its documentation.  Modules without links are not yet ported.

| Name              | Description                                                                                                     |
| :---------------- | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| BabelFish         | An experimental translation module to send and receive messages in a preferred language using Google Translate. |
| DynamicDifficulty | A module that increases the difficulty linearly based on player level.                                          |
| HardcoreMode      | A mode that makes the death of players semi-permanent by putting them in a seperate afterlife area.             |
| [IrcBridge](IrcBridge/README.md)         | A module to bridge IRC (Internet Relay Chat) and the in-game chat.                                              |
| Localisation      | A localisation modules to add localisation-support to TES3MP-modules.                                           |
| Mailbox           | A basic Mailbox system.                                                                                         |
| MaintenanceMode   | A maintenance mode that prevents normal players from joining.                                                   |
| MotD              | A basic message of the day module.                                                                              |
| RealEstate        | A module to provide houses buyable by players.                                                                  |
| UserConig         | OBSOLETE. It might be used as scripting reference.                                                              |
| VirtualDrakes     | An alternate currency generated by active play time.                                                            |

## Other open source TES3MP repositories

| Name                                                                                          | Type                   | Author                                                |
| :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :--------------------- | :---------------------------------------------------- |
| [Atkana/tes3mp-scripts](https://github.com/Atkana/tes3mp-scripts/)                            | Lua (0.6.2)            | [Atkana](https://github.com/Atkana)                   |
| [Boyos999/tes3mpScripts](https://github.com/Boyos999/tes3mpScripts)         | Python                 | [Boyos](https://github.com/Boyos999)         |
| [David-AW/Repos](https://github.com/David-AW?tab=repositories)		  				        | Lua (0.6.2)            | [David-AW](https://github.com/David-AW)         		 |
| [Jerthebear/TES3MP-Scripts](https://github.com/Jerthebear/Tes3mp-Scripts)         | Lua (0.7.0)                 | [JerTheBear](https://github.com/Jerthebear)         |
| [Nater/Repos](https://github.com/rnate)         | Python                 | [Nater](https://github.com/rnate)         |
| [NicholasAH/Repos](https://github.com/NicholasAH?tab=repositories)		     			    | Lua (0.6.2)            | [NicholasAH](https://github.com/NicholasAH)      		 |
| [Uramer/TES3MP-Scripts](https://github.com/uramer/Tes3MP-Scripts)         | Lua (0.7.0)                 | [Urm](https://github.com/uramer)         |
| [RickOff/Ecarlate](https://github.com/rickoff/Tes3mp-Ecarlate-Script)       				    | Lua (0.6.2)            | [RickOff](https://morrowindserveurfr.wixsite.com/ecarlates) |
| [SaintWish/ScriptLoader](https://github.com/SaintWish/tes3mp_scriptloader)         | Lua (0.7.0)                | [Wishbone](https://github.com/SaintWish/)         |
| [Schnibbsel/TES3MP-Pants](https://github.com/Schnibbsel/TES3MP-Pants)                         | Lua (0.7.0)            | [Schnibbsel](https://github.com/Schnibbsel)           |
| [Skvysh/TES3MP-Stuffs](https://github.com/Skvysh/TES3MP-Scripts/)                             | Lua (0.7.0)            | [Skvysh](https://github.com/Skvysh)          		 |
| [TES3MP-TeamFOSS/LiveMap](https://github.com/TES3MP-TeamFOSS/LiveMap)                         | Lua / JavaScript / PHP | [TES3MP-TeamFOSS](https://github.com/TES3MP-TeamFOSS) |
| [Texafornian/ccSuite](https://github.com/Texafornian/TCC-0.6.1)                               | Lua (0.7.0)            | [Texafornian](https://github.com/Texafornian)         |
| [Texafornian/mwTDM-0.6.1](https://github.com/Texafornian/mwTDM-0.6.1)                         | Lua (0.6.1)            | [Texafornian](https://github.com/Texafornian)         |
| [Texafornian/Plugins-0.6.1](https://github.com/Texafornian/Plugins-0.6.1)                     | Lua (0.6.1)            | [Texafornian](https://github.com/Texafornian)         |
| [Texafornian/TES3MP-Server-Stats](https://github.com/Texafornian/TES3MP-Server-Stats)         | Python                 | [Texafornian](https://github.com/Texafornian)         |

## Development

Using [Luacheck](https://github.com/mpeterv/luacheck/blob/master/README.md#installation) with the included [`luacheckrc`](luacheckrc) file is recommended when developing scripts in this repository (it should also be useful for any other TES3MP repository.)

## Credits

### Localisation

| Language   | Author                                                |
| :--------- | :---------------------------------------------------- |
| Danish     | Emil                                                  |
| Dutch      | [Max van der Sluis](https://github.com/1338)          |
| German     | [Michael Fitzmayer](https://github.com/mupfelofen-de) |
| English    | [Michael Fitzmayer](https://github.com/mupfelofen-de) |
| French     | Nwah                                                  |
| Portuguese | [Grim Kriegor](https://github.com/GrimKriegor)        |
| Russian    | urm                                                   |
